Computers are all around us.
There are the obvious ones like our phones,
tablets, laptops, desktop computers.
But there are also the computers we don't see in our cars,
TVs, speakers, and watches.
These are known as the Internet of Things,
which is anything connected to a network.
We also have the cloud that enables systems, applications,
and data to be reached from anywhere using almost any type of device.
On top of that,
we see a wide variety of apps and websites containing our sensitive data.
What happens if that data is leaked?
Can it be used to steal our identity or cause a bigger attack like ransomware?
Malicious hackers are stealing billions of dollars annually.
All of these devices, apps,
and tech require multiple levels of security to ensure they
are only being used for the purposes in which they are intended.
To protect all of these devices and applications takes
large workforce and multiple types of security products.
By 2024, the security industry is expected to grow to over $300 billion.
That includes all of the types of
security services such as hardware devices like our network, firewalls,
software like antivirus or endpoint protection programs,
and having someone watch over
an organization's infrastructure like a security operation center.
To fill this need,
businesses today are looking for qualified cybersecurity professionals.
That's where you come in.
Throughout this lesson, you'll understand why
security is so important and how you can play a part.